This blockchain company brings modern AgTech to smallholder farmers in developing countries. The gap between technology and affordability prohibits farmers from maximizing land usage, a key contributor to world hunger
Bernstein Says Regulatory Backlash Will Lead to More DeFi and Offshore Crypto. Regulatory overreach will lead to further movement towards decentralized finance apps, built directly on-chain by anonymous teams, the report said.
Coinkite’s New Bitcoin Hardware Wallet Looks Like BlackBerry, Takes AAA Batteries. The new Coldcard Q1 model aims to blend security and convenience – with a physical QWERTY keyboard recalling the look of a 2000's-style waffle phone. It relies on a flashlight and LED scanner to read QR codes – instead of using a camera, which can be an attack vector.
Tron Revenue, Transactions Surge in Q4 2022: Messari . Average active daily addresses, transactions and quarterly revenue on Tron all increased by double digits in the last quarter.
SEC 2023 Priorities Include Scrutiny of Crypto Assets and Emerging Technologies. The Division of Examinations of the U.S. SEC has prioritized a focus on emerging technologies and crypto-assets in its 2023 release.
Binance launches open-source proof-of-reserves system. The improved PoR system by Binance is based on zero-knowledge proofs and improves on speed while reducing computational costs for exchanges.
How to evaluate any crypto project using fundamental analysis. Different from traditional markets, the crypto market has its own set of key questions to consider when analyzing a project and its assets.
Wormhole Bridge Exploiter Supplies $46M to Crypto Lending Platform Maker, Buys Wrapped Ether. The exploiter may be earning returns on staked cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin single-day price surge linked to billions in USDC inflows. Bitcoin had its most significant single-day surge in nearly six months, helping it climb above $24,800.
Sony Network Communications and Astar Network Launch a Joint Web3.... Tokyo, Japan, 17th February, 2023, ChainwireSony Network Communications, inc. , an operating company of the Sony Group, will co-host a Web3 Incubation Program with A...
The Top Picks for Long-Term Investment: Bitcoin (BTC) and Polygon.... "A great investor once said, 'If you're not investing for the long-term, I don't know what you are investing for.
Introducing ethereum casinos: what you should know. Ethereum casinos are online gambling platforms that support ETH as a currency.
The Future Looks Optimistic for Optimism (OP) as Price Reaches New All-Time High. The Optimism (OP) price reached a new all-time high on Feb. 3. The trend can be bullish if it moves above the $3.22 resistance area.
Rocket Pool’s Ethereum staking service reaches $1B in TVL. Decentralized operators on the network currently receive up to 7.26% per year.
Lending Protocol BonqDAO Loses $120 Million to Hackers - DailyCoin. The exploiter changed the updatePrice function in one of the smart contracts of BonqDAO to manipulate the wALBT token's price.
Crypto Donations for Turkey Earthquake Victims Hit $3 Million, Binance and Others Pledge More - DailyCoin. Over $3 million in crypto has been donated to the Turkey-Syria earthquake victims, with Binance and others promising more.
UK Crypto Firms and Regulator Blame Each Other for Industry Exodus. Firms that tried, and failed, to register with the Financial Conduct Authority cite delays and poor feedback. The regulator says it rejected applications for failing to meet requirements.
Operation Choke Point Could Be Crypto's Biggest Regulatory Battle. Operation Choke Point 2.0 is a federally orchestrated plan to shut down crypto and fiat off-ramps. What is the industry doing to fight back?
Crypto CEOs Like Coinbase's Brian Armstrong Need to Accept That Existing Regulations Also Apply to Them. Coinbase’s CEO thinks the rules that apply to other financial services don’t apply to his multi-billion-dollar financial services company. His ignorance – either intentional or literal – is concerning.
Apecoin (APE) Set to Explode as the APE Ecosystem Grows,.... 022 was harsh on many crypto projects, leaving many high-flying projects in the clutches of the bear market.
Binance Adds ZK-SNARKs to Improve Privacy of Proof of Reserves Report. Binance announced today that future Proof of Reserves reports would incorporate zero-knowledge proofs to protect customers' identities.
Classifying Crypto: How Two Companies Plan to Make the Industry More Inclusive. 21Shares and CoinGecko have partnered to launch Global Crypto Classification Standard (GCCS). The report helps categorize crypto assets.
EminiFX CEO Pleads Guilty to $248M Ponzi Scheme - DailyCoin. The CEO of EminiFX, Eddy Alexandre, has pleaded guilty to his involvement in the $248 million Ponzi Scheme.
What is Splinterlands and how to earn money playing it?. Discover the exciting world of Splinterlands, a P2E collectible card game featuring unique NFTs, strategic battles and player-driven markets.
Why are artificial intelligence tokens going parabolic? Watch Market Talks live. Join us as we discuss the reasons behind the recent price rally of artificial intelligence (AI) tokens.
Bitcoin’s UTXOs Are Close to All-Time High; Here’s Why It Matters. The Bitcoin network is getting more active with increasing block sizes, transactions, and overall UTXO counts.
China Telecom and Conflux Network to pilot Blockchain enabled SIM.... Toronto, Canada, 15th February, 2023, ChainwireToday China Telecom and Conflux Network announce a partnership to bring Blockchain SIM cards (BSIM) to market. The ent...
Equinoz’s ‘Cybernetics’ Was Sold Out In 4 Minutes On PlayNomm.... Souel, Korea, 1st February, 2023, Chainwire NFT auction on playNomm for a pre-drop event of NFT Korea Festival Artwork was sold out at its highest...
First Mover Americas: Metaverse Platform The Sandbox Is Up on Saudi Arabia Partnership News. The latest price moves in crypto markets in context for Feb. 15, 2023.
Celsius Reaches Acquisition Agreement with NovaWulf. Creditors with claims less than $5,000 could receive funds through a one-time distribution of Bitcoin, Ethereum, and the stablecoin USDC.
LBank Exchange Will List ARIALAND (ARIA) on February 6, 2023. INTERNET CITY, DUBAI, 4th February, 2023, ChainwireLBank Exchange, a global digital asset trading platform, will list ARIALAND (ARIA) on February 6, 2023. For all us...
How the Crypto Community is Helping Victims of the Turkish Earthquake. The crypto community teams up to fight yet another calamity, helping Turkey's earthquake victims with millions in crypto donations.
Algorand (ALGO) Price Rally Loses Momentum. The Algorand (ALGO) price broke down from an ascending support line, indicating that the ongoing increase has come to an end.
Silicon Valley Bank failure could trigger run on US regional banks. Fed and FDIC decisions concerning the future of Silicon Valley Bank may affect regional banks across the United States.
Cardano (ADA) Founder Slams SEC’s “One-Size-Fits-All” Staking Regulation - DailyCoin. Hoskinson says it would be an "inconvenience to the industry as a whole" if the U.S. SEC regulates all PoS models under one umbrella.
SEC to target crypto firms operating as ‘qualified custodians’ — Report. The proposal comes as the SEC continues to deliberate on what should constitute a “qualified custodian.”
What Led to the Recent 115% Oasis Network (ROSE) Price Hike?. Oasis Network (ROSE) has broken out from long- and short-term resistance levels. The price prediction is expected to be bullish.
Tornado Cash Dev’s Criminal Case in Europe May Hinge on Laptop Access. Dutch prosecutors now have access to Alexey Pertsev’s computer and are using it to probe key details including governance and profit-making at the privacy service.
Tether emerges from crypto winter with $700 million Q4 profit. Generally beleaguered throughout 2022, Tether has managed to improve its financial situation drastically and top it all with a $700 million Q4 net profit.
El Salvador to open second bitcoin embassy in Texas. El Salvador to construct a second Bitcoin Embassy in Texas after opening the first one in Lugano, Switzerland
Ordinals Support Comes to Bitcoin-Based Web Wallet Xverse. The company says inscribing NFTs through its software involves “no need to run a node, complex software, or anything else.”
Why is the crypto market down today?. The crypto market is down today as the SEC announces enforcement actions against Paxos’ Binance USD and investors reduce risk ahead of this week’s CPI print.
South Korea to examine crypto staking services following the Kraken case. In contrast to more common operations with digital assets, crypto staking isn’t defined by Korean regulation at the moment.
Binance and Huobi freeze accounts linked to Horizon Bridge hack. Crypto exchanges Binance and Huobi have taken action to freeze accounts that were found to contain around $1.4 million worth of stolen crypto assets
Kraken’s Head Of Strategy: Our Business Felt Crypto Winter's Chill. Thomas Perfumo said the firm has not been insulated from the broader economy. Here's what he says the exchange wants to do next.
OpenSea Launches New NFT Minting Toolkit. Creators now have the opportunity to unlock the potential of NFT creations with multi-stage minting phases, allowlist support, as well as personalized artist profile...
31% of investors do not file crypto taxes to IRS, report says. CoinLedger has revealed that 31% of crypto investors still need to report their cryptocurrency taxes to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
Cricket Board Bans Crypto Advertising for Indian Women's League. The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has banned crypto advertising in its latest women’s tournament.
This Week in Crypto News: SEC Stablecoin Crackdown, LocalBitcoins Calls it Quits, and Metaverse Misgivings. Crypto news: The week ended with a bang as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) started tightening its manacles on stablecoins
SEC Proposal Could Bar Investment Advisers From Keeping Assets at Crypto Firms. As long as crypto platforms and lenders aren’t registered as exchanges or banks, they wouldn’t qualify as custodians in the latest SEC limits proposed for registered investment advisors.
CBDC teased by UK government and central bank. As part of the build-up process to the launching of the central bank digital currency, the U.K.’s Treasury and the Bank of England are expected to present a progress report on Feb. 7.
Altcoins go green with AI tokens leading the way. The crypto recovery is still very much alive. Most alts are in the green today with AI projects ripping higher.
New Hampshire could become an alternative for crypto firms moving to the Bahamas. A state commission recommended that New Hampshire eliminate the gray area in which cryptocurrency companies currently operate.
Here’s why cryptocurrencies are being integrated into online casinos. This article explores why cryptocurrencies are being integrated in online casinos, offering a competitive edge against traditional gambling platforms.
Norway's crypto bust deals blow to North Korean hackers. Norway's economy crimes unit, Økokrim, just pulled off a digital heist of their own by seizing a whopping NOK 60 million (or $5.9 million) in cryptocurrency
OKB price hits new highs on blockchain launch. OKB has hit a new high with the live price as of Feb 16, at $48.54, with a 24-hour trading volume of $112,671,329. The price has gone up 15.98% in the last 24 hours.
USDC and BUSD market caps fall as regulators bash stablecoins. Stablecoins such as USD Coin (USDC) and Binance USD (BUSD) see their market capitalization fall following increasing regulatory scrutiny.
Algorand Foundation CEO: SEC’s Crypto Crackdown Highlights Lack of Regulatory Clarity. Staci Warden told CoinDesk TV crypto-native firms are being punished rather than given guidance.
Stablecoins not the target in BUSD crackdown: Matrixport head of research. Matrixport’s head of research suggested Paxos was not stringent enough with its oversight of BUSD, sparking regulatory scrutiny. He argues that stablecoins are not the target.
SEC scare sends the crypto market into a freefall. The cryptocurrency market has taken a hit in the past 24 hours, as the global market cap has dropped by an estimated 4.5%, down to $1.02 trillion
UAE Plans to Issue a CBDC to Promote Digital Payments. The deployment of a digital dirham is one of nine key initiatives of the UAE's new Financial Infrastructure Transformation Program.
Crypto community gives to Turkish earthquake victims. Turkish rock star Haluk Levent turns to the cryptocurrency community for donations supporting the victims of the devastating earthquake that hit the country.
Takeaways from Davos: Blockchain is changing the way we fight for sustainability. The U.N. Climate Conference and the World Economic Forum in Davos are two events where people can meet to discuss solutions to global challenges like climate change.
Stablecoins and Ether are ‘going to be commodities,’ reaffirms CFTC chair. Crypto stablecoins and Ether (ETH) will be classed as commodities in the United States, according to CFTC chair, Rostin Behnam, adding at a Mar. 8 Senate hearing the distinction “was clear.”
Bitcoin BTC Price Rebounds Above $22K After Tepid Inflation Readings. Bitcoin dropped initially after the Bureau of Labor Statistics monthly report but then surged. Ether is up nearly 5%.
Cardano (ADA) Price Starts to Lose Traction – but Can the Trend Be Reversed?. Data shows Cardano (ADA) is approaching the 200-day average for the first time in nearly a year. Will the bulls flip the bears this month?
Coinbase CEO Condemns Staking Restrictions by SEC in the US. Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong has called out the SEC over rumors that it is looking to ban crypto staking services in the U.S.
Paxos Dollar (USDP) Briefly Loses Peg as NYDFS Reportedly Probes the Platform. The USDP stablecoin lost its peg briefly on Feb. 10 after falling to $0.98. The New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) is reportedly probing Paxos.
Celsius Looking to Raise $14.4M Selling Bitcoin Mining Coupons and Credits . Amid concerns of a looming cash shortage, troubled crypto lender Celsius seeks to find alternative avenues to repay its creditors.
FTX Seeks to Reclaim $400 Million From a JPMorgan Account: New York Times. The funds, invested in a hedge fund called Modulo, were converted into cash and are sitting in an interest-bearing account.
Brazil's Largest Public Bank Enables Tax Payments to Be Made With Crypto. The service will operate in partnership with Bitfy, a startup focused on blockchain solutions.
Judge Clears Celsius' Plan to Sell Bitmain Mining Coupons Worth Over $7M. The crypto lender must sell the vouchers before they expire to raise funds for the bankruptcy estate.
Crypto Exchange Coinmetro Buys Social Fundraising Platform Ignium to Offer Securities. With the acquisition, the Estonia-based crypto exchange intends to broaden its securities market offerings and develop tools for small businesses to raise funds directly from their communities using non-fungible tokens.
Crypto investors spent $4.6B buying ‘pump and dump’ tokens last year. Analytics by blockchain firm Chainalysis found as many as 9,900 crypto tokens launched last year fit the mold of being a “pump and dump” token.
Cardano Launches EVM-Compatible Sidechain Public Testnet. Cardano has launched a new sidechain proof of concept compatible with the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).
Digital Asset Infrastructure Provider Taurus Raises $65M From Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank. The Swiss firm plans to use the funds to make new hires and expand into across Europe and the UAE.
Balancer, MakerDAO, and 30 DeFi protocols part of a creative campaign highlighting the advantages of permissionless finance solutions. Yearn Finance, Balancer, Euler, MakerDAO, and more than 30 top DeFi dApps are taking part in a "creative campaign" to bring to light the various advantages of permissionless and decentralized protocols.
Tornado Cash Developer To Remain In Jail As Trial Continues. The developer of Tornado Cash, Alexey Pertsev, looks set to remain in the custody of Dutch authorities until at least the next hearing of the ongoing trial.
Reporting Information on Crypto Transactions to the Tax Authorities: There is no Date yet, but You Need to be Prepared for it - DailyCoin. European and global level, new rules are being developed that will require crypto asset service providers to submit tax authorities information on their clients' transactions.
Paxos reportedly investigated by New York officials. While Paxos claims that OCC has not barred them from obtaining a national bank charter, rumor is that the New York regulator forced it to withdraw the application
Sam Bankman-Fried: Crypto’s Fallen Hero? - DailyCoin. Sam Bankman-Fried, the former FTX CEO and Alameda Research founder, is crypto’s fallen king. What happened to SBF’s crypto empire?
Will the UK Be the First Country to Successfully Regulate Cryptoassets? - DailyCoin. The UK government takes action to regulate crypto for consumer protection and economic growth. Learn about the consultation and proposed regimes.
Indian Exchange WazirX Prepares to Do Battle With Binance. The Indian exchange WazirX has stepped its beef with Binance, calling recent statements false and misleading.
2023 is the best time to accumulate bitcoin, analysis shows. 2023 might be a good time for investors to accumulate bitcoin (BTC), CryptoQuant analyst suggests
Binance banking problems highlight a divide between crypto firms and banks. Banks are generally hesitant to deal with digital assets, especially without uniform regulations governing the nascent market.
Canto DEX Trading Volume Soars 200% Ahead of Proposals to Upgrade Network. The price of Canto's token has tripled since Jan. 1.
TRON DAO Establishes Artificial Intelligence Development Fund. Geneva, Switzerland, 8th February, 2023, ChainwireTRON DAO is encouraging the blending of artificial intelligence technology with blockchain technology, announcing l...
CoinDesk Wins a Polk Award, One of Journalism's Top Prizes, for Explosive FTX Coverage. Three stories were honored, including Ian Allison’s scoop that led to Sam Bankman-Fried’s $32 billion crypto empire collapsing in days.
NFT Market Share Battle Ramps Up Between OpenSea and Blur. A side-by-side comparison of the two NFT marketplaces using Nansen data suggests that while Blur has seen rapid growth in volumes, it is still lagging behind OpenSea in terms of number of sales and interacting wallets.
FTX Transferred $7.7B From Bahamian Estate to US Units Ahead of Bankruptcy Filing, Court Told. Representatives for FTX said whether assets belong in the Bahamian estate or in the U.S. estate remain open issues.
Crypto Wallet Messaging Application Push Protocol Expands to BNB Chain. The move to BNB Chain could attract more users to Push, its founder said.
Lawyer explains what’s next in US crypto regulation. Jake Chervinsky has outlined the necessary steps the US crypto industry could take to nip the regulators’ enforcement action approach towards regulating the US Web3 space
SEC proposes tougher rules as part of its crypto custody crackdown. The United States Securities Exchange and Commission has proposed new rules that will essentially make it more difficult for crypto firms to offer custody solutions to their customers. Opponents worry this will do more harm than good.
Bitcoin Miner Argo Blockchain's CEO Resigns. The mining firm had to sell its biggest facility to stave off bankruptcy.
Celsius bankruptcy judge authorizes the sale of $7.4M worth of Bitmain coupons. Judge Martin Glenn issued an order allowing debtors for bankrupt crypto lending firm Celsius Network to sell their holdings of roughly $7.4 million worth of Bitmain coupons.
Uniswap Founder and Ex-Partner Clash Over Surprise Lawsuit - Here’s Why - DailyCoin. Ric Burton, an early and devoted supporter of the Uniswap unicorn, sued the young crypto mogul Hayden Adams for breach of contract, claiming that Mr. Adams “was enriched by hundreds of millions of dollars” at Mr. Burton’s expense.
North Korean Hackers are Using a New Coin Mixer to.... Reports indicate that North Korean hackers are using a new mixing service to launder cryptocurrencies. The new mixer is likely to be a re-launched version of “Blende...
Web3 Gaming Token Prices Witnessed Triple-Digit Growth in January 2023. Web3 crypto gaming project tokens registered triple-digit growth on average in January 2023. This lends confidence and support for some new and perhaps undervalued projects.
Crypto Miner CleanSpark Extends Bear-Market Strategy, Buying 20K of Bitmain's Newest Rigs. The Bitmain Antminer S19j Pro+ machines will increase CleanSpark's computing power by 37%.
9 essential finance terms you must know. Learn about nine essential finance terms you must know. From interest to liquidity, understand key concepts for better financial literacy and management.
Crypto Trading Firm Auros Global Restructures $18M in Debt on Maple Finance. Auros Global has missed its payments on decentralized finance loans since November, citing funds frozen on the collapsed crypto exchange FTX.
Sony and Astrar Network partner for web3 incubation. Sony Network Communications, a Japanese electronics powerhouse, has announced its new web3 incubation program in partnership with Japan's most popular blockchain, Astar Network.
Russian government subsidizes Siberian crypto mining operation. The Russian government is giving incentives for crypto mining investors and $12 million in support for building a crypto mining factory in Siberia.
Dragonfly’s Haseeb Qureshi Is Still Optimistic in the Crypto Bear Market. Crypto’s most successful projects have historically been built during downcycles, he says.
Mississippi Senate Pass Bill To Legalize Cryptocurrency Mining. Lawmakers in the American state of Mississippi have enacted a law that legalizes cryptocurrency mining and protects the rights of cryptocurrency miners.
Bitcoin bull market is here says Pantera Capital. The CEO of the crypto-focused investment giant Pantera Capital predicts that 2023 will be a year for regaining the lost confidence in the web3 space.
Umami Finance CEO dumps tokens triggering a 50% drop in price. Umami Finance CEO Alex O'Donnel appears to have dumped his large share of UMAMI tokens. The team resigned shortly after but said they would maintain the DAO structure.
Top crypto to watch in 2023: from staking to AI projects. In this article, we will explore Polygon (MATIC), Lido DAO (LIDO), Fetch.ai (FET), and other promising crypto projects to watch in 2023
BNB Chain Aims to Double Transaction Speed, Targets ZK Tooling in 2023 Road Map. It also aims to more than triple the number of validators to 100.
AI Crypto Tokens Fetch, Singularity Rally More Than 20% Overnight . As the artificial intelligence narrative grows louder, several AI-adjacent cryptocurrencies have enjoyed hefty rallies.
Solana (SOL) Joins Forces with Brave Browser: Price Boost Ahead? - DailyCoin. The partnership between Brave Software and the Solana blockchain platform will allow users to access to Solana dApps on the Brave browser. Read more.
Wirex and Visa announce expanded global partnership. Wirex, a leading cryptocurrency payments app, has partnered with Visa to expand its reach in the Asia-Pacific and the U.K.
CoinTracker integrates with H&R Block to offer crypto tax preparation. H&R Block, which had around 20 million tax customers in 2020, is integrating CoinTracker software into its app, allowing customers to report their crypto capital gains without manual input.
FTX's Sam Bankman-Fried Remains Out on Bond, but Judge Warns ‘Revocation’ Proceedings Possible in Future. Federal Judge Lewis Kaplan warned Sam Bankman-Fried that he could hold a hearing to revoke the FTX founder’s bond should SBF continue violating court orders.
Circle taps Cross River as banking partner, expands ties with BNY Mellon. Circle now has a new banking partner — Cross River Bank — following the failure of Silicon Valley Bank, and plans to expand its ties with BNY Mellon.
Bitmain Partner BitFuFu Starts Marketplace for Crypto Mining Rig Coupons. The discount coupons issued last year haven't been used because miners don't have the cash to spend on new equipment.
How blockchain technology revolutionizes digital ownership?. Blockchain technology transforms digital ownership with secure and transparent ownership tracking. Explore how it establishes proof of digital ownership.
US senator Warren to reintroduce bill on DAOs and DeFi platforms. The US Senator from Massachusetts wants the government to add AML regulations on laws governing DeFi platforms and DAOs
Crypto Exchange Kraken to Shut Staking Service, Pay $30M Fine in SEC Settlement. The announcement by the U.S. regulator confirms a CoinDesk scoop from earlier Thursday.
Gemini says no funds at Signature Bank backing GUSD. Gemini clarified that its funds are held at State Street Bank, Goldman Sachs, and Fidelity
Crypto Exchange Kraken Facing SEC Probe, Settlement Could Come Soon: Bloomberg. The U.S. regulator is in the late stages of an investigation into the company's possible sale of unregistered securities, according to the report.
Bitcoin, Ethereum Trade Sideways as Market Mulls Mixed CPI Report . Inflation slowed to 6.4%, but markets, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, are still parsing through several mixed signals from the CPI report.
Nokia uses metaverse for breweries and aircrafts. Nokia is exploring varying degrees of metaverse application in different industrial value chain management process
DeFi vs. Web3: Key differences explained. DeFi is built on top of existing smart contract platforms like Ethereum, while Web3 is built on the internet itself. Here are other ways they differ.
Will Ripple News See XRP Regain Momentum and Reach $0.50 Soon?. The XRP price prediction for Feb. is bullish is the price breaks out from its long-term pattern. Positive Ripple XRP news could cause this.
Circle Denies Receiving 'Wells Notice' Over USDC | Blockchain News. Circle's CSO refused SEC Wells notices for its USDC token.
Polygon (MATIC) Announces Launch Date of Its Highly Anticipated zkEVM - DailyCoin. Polygon said in a blog post on Tuesday that it’s going to launch its zkEVM beta on Ethereum mainnet on March 27.
Nissan files 4 new Web3 trademarks, trials sales in the metaverse. Japanese car brand Nissan has revealed further Web3 plans with four more trademark filings for NFT and metaverse-related products and services.
Berkshire Hathaway VC: US Should Emulate China's Crypto Ban - DailyCoin. Charlie Munger opines that the United States should place a ban on cryptocurrencies following regulatory insufficiency. Read more.
Nearly $1 Billion in Crypto Exits Binance Amid Regulatory Scrutiny. Binance, the largest cryptocurrency exchange, has been experiencing record outflows over the past few days as regulators move in to clamp down on its stablecoin dealings.
Now Ripple XRP ledger can support physical NFT projects. The bridging of physical goods, services, and experiences with the digital world, also known as "phygital NFTs," has emerged as one of the most prominent trends in web3 over the last year.
Metacade presale investment rockets past $5 million as GameFi inv.... London, United Kingdom, 2nd February, 2023, ChainwireThe Metacade presale is selling out fast with stage 3 coming to a close after just 12 days. The...
MakerDAO wants to build its own ecosystems, analyst claims. The second-largest decentralized finance (DeFi) protocol by total value locked (TVL), MakerDAO, reportedly wants to build its ecosystem
VeChain (VET) Price Slumps but Massive Increase May Be on the Way. The VeChain (VET) price prediction for Feb. is bullish as long as the price does not reach a daily close below $0.0217.
Artificial intelligence, robots and blockchain deliver next-generation healthcare, today. Emerging technologies are revolutionizing medicine - person by person and pill by pill
The future of Bitcoin casinos. This article looks at the factors behind the rise of Bitcoin casinos and whether they cryptocurrencies the future of online gambling.
Brazil's Oldest Bank Takes a Leap into the Future with Crypto Tax Payment Options. Banco do Brasil, the oldest bank in Brazil, has made history by offering users crypto tax payment options.
Satoshi-Era Bitcoin Address Moves $9.6 Million in BTC After 11 Years . Assuming the long-dormant coins—worth $8 in 2012—were sold, the unknown owner reaped a 120,000,000% profit.
Magic Eden lays off 22 staff members. MagicEden, the enormous online marketplace for virtual collectibles, announced a restructure and layoffs in a statement on Twitter. 22 employees will leave the marketplace.
Hong Kong Aims to Become a Fully Regulated Crypto Hub. Bitcoin and crypto markets are surging today, bolstered by positive news that Hong Kong will open the doors for digital assets and investors.
Porsche NFTs Back From the Dead as Floor Price Jumps 25% in a Day. Porsche NFTs are trading at a 280% higher floor price since a dull launch. The floor price is up by over 25% today.
How to buy and sell NFTs on Polygon. Offering low fees and fast transaction finality, Polygon has emerged as the primary blockchain platform for various NFT marketplaces.
DeFi TVL reached 3-month-high, top protocols in green. The DeFi total value locked broke the $50 billion mark while the top protocols have been in the green zone
Dell Joins Hedera’s Governing Council. The tech giant Dell Technologies Inc. will be joining the governing council of the distributed ledger company Hedera Hashgraph LLC.
Shares of Bitcoin Miner Hut 8 Slump on Merger With US Bitcoin Corp.. The deal is a major consolidation move in the bitcoin mining industry.
FinTech Firm tZERO Announces Exchange Shutdown. The firm has announced that it will be shutting down all operations for its tZERO Crypto exchange platform by March 6th, 2022.
Zero-Knowledge Proof Explained - DailyCoin. Zero-knowledge proof systems are set to revolutionize how we share data online. What are ZKProofs, and how do they work?
DBS Bank the Latest Business to Rush to Hong Kong as the Territory Plans to Become a Crypto Hub. Businesses like Huobi and DBS bank are expanding to Hong Kong. The country adopted to a robust regulatory framework.
Cardano Blockchain Receives Security and Interoperability Upgrade to Improve ADA's Utility. The ‘Valentine’ upgrade was pushed live on the mainnet in early Asian hours on Wednesday. Native ADA tokens outperformed crypto majors.
Accounting Firm BDO Confirms Tether's $960 Million Excess Reserves. BDO confirms that Tether has $960M in surplus reserve assets and has increased the proportion of its reserves held in U.S. Treasury bills.
FTX Lawyers Can Now Subpoena Sam Bankman-Fried's Group of 'Insiders' . A judge granted FTX’s legal team permission to subpoena FTX insiders Sam Bankman-Fried, Gary Wang, Caroline Ellison, and others.
What is NFT ticketing and how does it work?. NFT ticketing is a secure and unique solution that allows you to own your ticket as a one-of-a-kind digital asset verified on the blockchain.
BUSD Stablecoin Inches Toward $1 Peg After Binance CEO Comments. Changpeng Zhao on Tuesday distanced himself from the Binance-branded stablecoin.
MetaMask Developers ConsenSys Launch Web3 Learning Program - DailyCoin. MetaMask Learn offers eight topics, including introductory lessons to Web3, crypto wallets, digital identity, and NFTs, to going deeper into society’s shift to decentralized communities and digital ownership.
LACMA Art Museum Acquires NFT Collection With CryptoPunk, Art Blocks . The famed Los Angeles art museum accepted a donated collection of NFTs that’s potentially worth millions of dollars.
Crypto Markets Analysis: Bitcoin, Ether Hold Mid-Week Gains; Crypto Exchange Token OKB Outperforms. The announcement of a new blockchain following the earlier release of a proof-of-reserves report pushed OKB higher. BTC and ETH benefited from short covering.
Philadelphia FED president Harker says crypto is here to stay. Philadelphia’s Federal Reserve (FED) Bank President Patrick Harker has suggested that, despite the inherent risks, demand for cryptocurrencies will remain high in the foreseeable future.
Filing Your Crypto Taxes With the IRS Just Got More Important. The US Government has never paid more attention to your crypto taxes. Filing them is often more complicated than you think.
Ethereum core developers push Shanghai upgrade to early April. Ethereum developers have delayed the deployment of the highly anticipated Shanghai upgrade to early April.
Crypto Lender Nexo to Stop EIP for US Clients on April 1. Last month Nexo paid a $22.5 million fine to the SEC for failing to register the offer and sale of its Earned Interest Product.
Binance native token BNB starts 2023 with 38% price gain. Binance's native token, BNB, has had a roaring start to the year, with its year-to-date (YTD) gains standing at over 38%. But will it last amid the USD withdrawal suspension?
FTX Founders Could Have Walked Away with $500M: FTX CEO - DailyCoin. Security at FTX was so bad any of the founders could have taken off with 500 million, CEO said.
Institutional Crypto Trading Platform Elwood Technologies Expands Offerings. The London-based company is aiming to provide clients with tools that "uphold the standards set by traditional asset classes," CEO James Stickland said.
Orion Protocol exploiter willing to return stolen funds. The attacker who recently made off with $3m worth of ethereum (ETH) from the Orion Protocol has had a change of heart and is reportedly willing to return the stolen funds.
Donald Trump NFTs Soar After Super Bowl Clash with Rihanna - DailyCoin. Donald Trump Digital Trading Cards NFT Collection has been on a wild roller-coaster since the ‘Major Announcement’, which was mocked by Jimmy Fallon on Saturday Night Live.
Cardano Gets Valentine Upgrade, Crypto Daily TV 16/2/2023. The upgrade will make enhancements to cross-chain functionality for DeFi applications building on the network.
Eisenberg Refuses to Return Mango Markets Missing Millions. Avraham Eisenberg has shot back at Mango Markets and refused to the $47 million he "extracted" from the DeFi platform.
Dubai Bans Privacy Coins, Sets New Regulations. This latest development is a bit concerning, though. Dubai has been known for its crypto-friendly business environment.
On-Chain Indicator MVRV Signals a Bitcoin Bull Market Ahead. An in-depth analysis of the MVRV ratio and its Z-Score derivative uncovers the potential start of a Bitcoin bull market.
India subjects crypto transactions to Anti-Money Laundering law. Crypto transactions should comply with the Prevention of Money-Laundering Act 2002 — the exchange, transfers, safekeeping and administration of virtual assets.
Bitcoin: What to Expect in the Short and Long Term - DailyCoin. Learn more about the factors impacting the price of Bitcoin. This article analyzes the current market outlook for Bitcoin using key market data.
The history of mining: From the stone age to the digital era. Discover how manual labor and basic tools gave way to sophisticated algorithms and advanced computing in the history of mining.
Digital Asset Platform Bakkt to Discontinue Consumer App After Two Years. Users will be able to manage their assets over the web after March 16.
Aptos Backs Web3-Based Social Media App. Aptos Labs is expanding into the Web3 space by investing in TikTok’s competitor short video app, Chingari.
Visa/Wirex to issue crypto-enabled payment cards in 40 countries. Wirex has signed a long-term partnership with Visa, which will allow it to issue crypto-enabled debit cards in the UK and in a further 40 countries.
Is security tokenization the 'Amazon-moment' for blockchain technology?. European regulators are debuting securities on public blockchains for retail investors — allowing them to buy tokenized stocks in companies like Amazon.
OpenSea Halts Trading on Rihanna Music NFTs . OpenSea has taken issue with the NFT collection launched by Rihanna producer Deputy, which offers a percentage of future song royalties.
Web3 communication app goes after Twitter with $12.5M seed funding. Sending Labs, a startup focused on decentralized communications, has secured $12.5M in seed funding to launch a Web3 communications stack.
Bitcoin BTC Price, Ether ETH Price Drop as Investors Fret Over Inflation Data, Stablecoin Regulation. The largest cryptocurrency by market value continued to linger below $22,000. Ether fell below $1,500.
Celsius Network seeks deadline extension for chapter 11 bankruptcy filing. Celsius Network, a cryptocurrency lending platform, has filed a request to extend its deadline for financial restructuring on filing for chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Crypto's Banking Problem: Industry Needs Access but US Regulators Keep Digital Assets at Bay. Federal banking regulators seem to have free rein over crypto's U.S. destiny – and they're using their power to push it out of banking.
Decentraland (MANA) Skyrockets 70%, Orbeon Protocol (ORBN) Presal.... Decentraland (MANA) is on a roll, skyrocketing 70% in recent trading. This comes as the Orbeon Protocol (ORBN) presale proves to be a success and Ethereum (ETH) adop...
Aptos (APT) Tanks 8% Following $62M Token Unlock. Prices for the Aptos token (APT) have taken a hit today following a scheduled token unlock by the team. 85% of the supply is still locked.
Do Kwon hunt takes South Korean authorities to Serbia. A delegation of South Korean prosecutors and representatives from the Justice Ministry traveled to Serbia last week to ask for assistance in finding Do Kwon
Ethereum Co-Founder Vitalik Buterin Donates 150 ETH to Help Earthquake Victims in Türkiye - DailyCoin. Ethereum co-founder Viltaik Buterin has made at least two substantial donations to help victims in Türkiye suffering from the recent earthquake.
MetaMask integrates Onramp.money to boost activity in India. Today, Metamask announced its partnership with Onramp.money, on expectations that it would be able to provide its customers in India with rapid transaction services.
Argentina's NSC set to establish regulations for crypto businesses. Crypto companies domiciled in Argentina will be subjected to the newly established regulatory requirements of Argentina’s National Securities Commission (CNV).
Sam Bankman-Fried, Caroline Ellison, and Other Company Insiders Subpoenaed by FTX for Documents. The Subpoenas come after a U.S. judge overseeing bankruptcy proceedings gave a green light to FTX's Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors and its leadership to serve the insiders.
Top Crypto Executives to Gather at Dubai Blockchain Life 2023 - DailyCoin. Executives and experts from Circle, Animoca Brands, Avalanche, and Polygon will gather at Blockchain Life in Dubai.
Arbitrum Surges Ahead as Ethereum’s Layer 2 Landscape Takes Shape. Layer 2 rollups now see more transaction volume than Ethereum’s main network.
Shopify launches suite of blockchain commerce tools for merchants. The SIWE integration will enable users to sign in to Shopify-based stores via Ethereum addresses without giving away private identifiers.
Bitcoin Whales Have Been Swimming in Different Directions. While the number of smaller whales has declined, the number of larger bitcoin whales has risen. What do the trends mean?
Indonesia To Launch National Crypto Exchange in June 2023. Indonesia has finally set a date for its long-awaited national cryptocurrency exchange.
Crypto Theft Rose in 2022 as Scams, Ransomware Bounty Fell: Chainalysis. 2022 became a year of crypto thefts, but illicit transactions still account only for a meager share of all crypto activity, Chainalysis says.
SEC enforcement against Kraken opens doors for Lido, Frax and Rocket Pool. The crypto market hasn’t rebounded from this week’s SEC enforcement against crypto exchange Kraken, but a few bright spots have emerged.
Arbitrum Native Decentralized Exchange Camelot Growing Massively in February. The price of GRAIL, the native token for Camelot, has soared 520% since Feb. 1, per CoinGecko.
Coinbase’s Staking Service Faces Questions After Kraken’s SEC Settlement. Crypto exchange Kraken on Thursday agreed with the SEC to pay a $30 million fine and shutter its staking platform for U.S. customers to settle charges concerning the offering unregistered securities.
Squid Protocol Raises $3.5m, Introduces Native Cross-chain Swaps. Squid Protocol, an interoperability protocol for DeFi applications, has raised $3.5 million in a seed funding round led by North Island Ventures.
Bitcoin Soars Past $24K to Reach 2-Week High. Investors liquidated some $60 million of BTC short positions over the past 24 hours, pushing the price higher Wednesday, data shows. Ether also climbed.
Crypto insurance startup Coincover raises $30 million. Cryptocurrency protection and insurance project Coincover has just announced a raise of $30 million in a round led by Foundation Capital.
Hong Kong Pursues Its Goal to Revive the Crypto Sector. Hong Kong remains steadfast in its pursuit of becoming Asia’s digital-asset hub despite the catastrophic fallout from the collapsed crypto exchange FTX.
EC launches blockchain regulatory sandbox for 20 projects annually through 2026. The European Commission has launched the European Blockchain Regulatory Sandbox to help 20 projects annually receive legal and regulatory guidance.
Crypto Exchange C3 Raises $6M to Offer FTX Alternative. Two Sigma Ventures led the round for the decentralized exchange.
Venom Foundation and DAO Maker join hands to incubate web3 projects. Venom Foundation and DAO Maker are joining forces to incubate promising web3 projects focused on delivering solutions for real-world problems.
Data Tokenization: Blockchain Solutions for the Data Economy. This article explores the rise of data tokenization, using blockchain solutions for monetizing the data economy.
Understanding crypto bag holders and their mindset. Regardless of the prices going up or down, traders are ready to cash in on the market fluctuations by longing or shorting trades.
Litecoin (LTC) Tops Shiba Inu (SHIB), Surges to Triple Digits - DailyCoin. One of the oldest altcoins, Litecoin (LTC), surged to $100.53 today for the first time since the infamous Terra (LUNA) crash happened. The last time the OG altcoin touched this price range was May 6th, 2022.
LocalBitcoins shuts down after decade of P2P trading. After a decade of providing bitcoin trading and wallet services, LocalBitcoins has announced its shutdown.
Crypto Observers Look to Treasury Yields for Cues as Bitcoin Remains Comatose. BTC may struggle to maintain current valuations if the U.S. government bond yields extend the February rally, one trading firm said, although the yields have started to pull back.
SEC, NYDFS, and OCC Gear Up for Battle With Crypto, Stablecoins, and Exchanges. The American regulatory war on crypto is heating up with an expected avalanche of enforcement actions from various U.S. departments.
NFT marketplace tokens soar in 2023, and Blur’s recent airdrop may extend the trend. Data shows NFT marketplace tokens performing strongly in 2023 and Blur’s recent airdrop suggests the market remains ripe for gains.
Gaming Network Oasys Onboards Japan Conglomerate SoftBank as Network Validator. Softbank was one of four companies that joined the network, bringing the total number of validators to 25.
El Salvador to Launch 'Bitcoin Embassy' in Texas . El Salvador has announced plans to open a "Bitcoin embassy" in Texas, a year after opening a "Bitcoin office" in Switzerland.
Web3 Communication Stack Sending Labs Raises $12.5M. The startup creates technology to make decentralized communication easier for developers and users.
Tesla Reports BTC Loss Of $140M In 2022. In a recent SEC filing, the electric vehicle manufacturing company reported a loss of $140 million dollars on its net Bitcoin holdings.
Nifty News: Dan Harmon’s NFT show set for season 3, NFT-friendly Square Enix CEO steps down and more. Magic Eden’s “Mint Madness” campaign also includes a 20,000 MATIC prize pool for traders, while Fox exec says the company is “bullish” on its NFT show Krapopolis.
US law firm Pomerantz launches investigation into Paxos. Pomerantz has launched an investigation into Paxos on behalf of customers to unravel any wrongdoing by the Binance USD (BUSD) stablecoin issuer
Banks with crypto services require new Anti-Money Laundering capabilities. Banks will only be able to provide suitable customer protection if they have a robust AML framework.
Trezor crypto wallet’s move into the semiconductor business isn’t for everyone. While Trezor believes that producing its own chips is the right move, not every crypto company is willing or able to become its own semiconductor supplier.
Crypto Protection Firm Coincover Raises $30M. Silicon Valley investment firm Foundation Capital led the funding round.
Bitcoin is already in its ‘next bull market cycle’ — Pantera Capital. Pantera Capital CEO believes Bitcoin is on its way to new all-time highs with the BTC price bottom behind it.
Celsius chooses NovaWulf’s bid to exit from bankruptcy. Celsius Network has moved forward on its reorganization plan under Chapter 11, presenting a restructuring plan to a U.S. Bankruptcy Court.
Trust Wallet Responds to $4M Social Engineering Hack. Binance-owned Trust Wallet said in a recent Twitter thread that the theft of $4 million from Webaverse is the work of an Italian syndicate.
Meet the person who offered comfy beds for ‘scrappy’ hackers during ETHDenver. Jessy and co-organizer Waylon Jepsen helped arrange accommodation for more than 50 people during the ETHDenver conference.
Siemens Issues Blockchain Based Euro-Denominated Bond on Polygon Blockchain. The $64 million bond has a maturity of one year.
Argo Blockchain mined 14% more bitcoin in January. Crypto mining company Argo Blockchain increased the number of mined bitcoin from 147 BTC in December 2022 to 168 BTC in January 2023, representing a 14% increase.
Vitalik Buterin donates $227K to help earthquake victims in Turkey. Crypto donations are pouring in for Turkish earthquake relief efforts, and Vitalik Buterin is among the donors.
Crypto Software Firm President: We're Trying to Make California’s DMV More Efficient With Blockchain. Andrew Smith, president of Oxhead Alpha, discusses why his firm is using the Tezos blockchain to build out the protocol.
Federal judge hints at denying Sam Bankman-Fried any internet access as condition of bail: Report. Sam Bankman-Fried's parents reportedly have no television in their California home, and their son could lose access to the internet while under bail following concerns about VPNs.
Coinbase CEO Brain Armstrong Says SEC’s Ban on Crypto Staking “Would Be a Terrible Path for the U.S.” - DailyCoin. Brian Armstrong has referred to the rumors of the SEC ban on crypto staking as a terrible path for the United States.
Bitcoin could repeat the dot-com crash, analyst warns. Youtuber Benjamin Cowen, warned that not all is gold for BTC enthusiasts. According to the youtuber, the current death cross could lead to another dot com similar crash.
What does the future of Web3 look like to SafePal CEO Veronica Wong?. As crypto winter and numerous disasters plagued 2022, what is next in Web3 space in 2023?
Crypto, forex platform CEO pleads guilty to $248M fraud scheme. The CEO of the purported crypto trading platform EminiFX, Eddy Alexandre, could face as much as 10 years in prison after pleading guilty to a fraudulent scheme that stole over $248 million from investors.
Brazilian Utility Token Wibx Extends Its Use Cases. Brazil, São José dos Campos, 7th February, 2023, ChainwireBrazilian company Wiboo has extended the utility of its Wibx token, adding new use cases. The...
Coinbase Product Head Departs for a16z Crypto. Surojit Chatterjee tweeted his new role as executive in residence at Andreessen Horowitz.
Ethereum Scaling Solution Polygon Exploring Use of ZK Technology for Main Chain, Co-Founder Mihailo Bjelic Says. In an interview with CoinDesk, Polygon’s Mihailo Bjelic shared the progress the blockchain is making on becoming a ZK-secure ecosystem.
EU Now Accepting Applications for its Blockchain Regulatory Sandbox. The sandbox, which will run for the next three years, is open to "companies from all industry sectors" and public entities, with priority given to more mature projects.
North Korean Hackers Stole Record-Breaking Amounts of Crypto in 2022: UN Report - DailyCoin. Last year, North Korean hackers stole between $630 million and $1 billion worth of crypto assets. That’s more than in any other previous year.
Crypto Hedge Fund Galois Capital Shuts Down After Losing $40M to FTX. Galois co-founder said the fund has halted all trading as it is no longer viable post-FTX.
US legislators renew call for EPA investigation of crypto mining emissions data. U.S. Sen. Edward Markey and Rep. Jared Huffman are reintroducing the Crypto-Asset Environmental Transparency Act into Congress to determine the impact of cryptocurrency mining.
Polkadot helps earthquake victims in Turkey and Syria. Polkadot is the latest crypto firm to help raise funds to support the millions of earthquake victims that affected Turkey and Syria.
FDIC Tells Crypto Exchange CEX.IO to Stop Claiming US Dollars Held in Its Wallets Are Insured. The agency issued a cease-and-desist letter on Wednesday.
President of Senegal likes El Salvador bitcoin policy. The president of the Republic of Senegal, Macky Sall, expressed interest in the government's bitcoin policy in El Salvador.
Neutrality and the Federal Reserve's Role in Cryptocurrency. Federal Reserve Governor Christopher Waller recently advised against investing in cryptocurrencies and compared them to baseball cards.
Ripple CEO assures ‘strong financial position’ despite SVB collapse. Brad Garlinghouse, CEO of Ripple, the issuer of XRP, said on Twitter that the company’s day-to-day operations were unaffected by the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank.
Wormhole hacker moves another $46M of stolen funds. The Wormhole hacker has moved another $46 million in crypto to MakerDAO in an apparent attempt to take advantage of arbitrage yields.
The Ultimate Guide to Crypto Copy Trading in 2023 - DailyCoin. Crypto copy trading is increasingly popular with young, retail investors, but there are risks. This guide will cover them all.
Liquid Staking: The Ultimate Guide - DailyCoin. Liquid staking is a lucrative part of the crypto ecosystem, and this is your ultimate guide.
Indian Web3 Social App Chingari Partners With Aptos Blockchain; GARI Token Surges 48%. Chingari will release a newer version of its TikTok-like Web3 app exclusively available on Aptos.
Binance custody partner clarifies Singapore licensing plans. The world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange recently rebranded its custodial department to “Ceffu.”
Abu Dhabi Starts $2B Initiative to Back Web3 Startups. The Hub71 + Digital Assets ecosystem will also back companies focusing on blockchain technologies.
Mizar Introduces Powerful Smart Trading Terminal for Profit Mazim.... Nassau, Bahamas, 7th February, 2023, ChainwireMizar has announced the release of its smart trading terminal. The software solution saves traders from having to const...
Lebanese central bank devalues currency by 90% - Bitcoin anyone?. The central bank of Lebanon has announced that it has devalued the Lebanese pound by 90%. Has Bitcoin’s time truly arrived?
What Is A Utility NFT? Consumers Certainly Don't Know. According to a report by DappRadar and Alsomine, the industry needs to shout louder about so-called 'Utility NFTs.'
PayPal Stablecoin Project on Hold After Reporting $600 Million in Crypto Holdings. Leading financial institution PayPal said it held $604 million worth of crypto assets on behalf of its customers as of December 31.
Judge Outlaws Sam Bankman-Fried VPN Use for Internet Access. Former FTX chief executive Sam Bankman-Fried (SBF) is in hot water again. He has been ordered not to use privacy and encryption software to access the internet.
Bitcoin Surges 12% to 8-Month High with Hong Kong Set to Legalize - DailyCoin. Hong Kong will legalize crypto by June, causing the price of Bitcoin to surge by 12% to an eight-month high.
Bitcoin network activity hits a 2-year high due to NFT activity. Bitcoin (BTC) network activity has been increasing in recent days, soaring to levels last seen in May 2021. This follows the proliferation of on-chain non-fungible token (NFT) activities.
Will Bitcoin Golden Cross Lead to a 1835% Increase?. The long-awaited golden cross has appeared on the Bitcoin chart. This is the first such signal in 510 days, or almost 1.5 years. If history repeats itself, this lagging indicator could confirm the start of a long-term bull market in the cryptocurrency market.
Binance mints 50M TrueUSD days after Paxos ordered stop issuing BUSD. Binance has minted $50 million worth of TUSD after recent crackdowns by U.S. federal and state regulators on the Paxos Trust-issued BUSD. But its CEO believes the future of the stablecoin market will be less U.S. dollar reliant.
Celsius Creditors to Sue Executives for Fraud | Blockchain News. The Celsius Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors alleges "substantial claims and causes of action" against Alex Mashinsky and other executives for fiduciary breaches and fraudulent transaction
Ethereum (ETH) Price Regains Footing, Could Continue Increase. The Ethereum (ETH) price created a bullish candlestick yesterday and could soon make an attempt at breaking out above $1,650.
DOGE, Floki Soaring After Musk Tweets Photo of His Dog in Twitter CEO Chair. Doge, Floki and SHIB are up, while BONK is flat after Musk declares his dog Floki is an amazing CEO of Twitter and “better than that other guy.”
Silicon Valley Bank collapse: How SVB stock price performed in 5 years. Silicon Valley Bank had been rated as one of the top banks in America for five years before its closure by U.S. regulators in March 2023.
‘CryptoGPT’ Twitter accounts spring up as hashtag trends on Twitter. Social media scammers appear to have already taken advantage of a trending hashtag “CryptoGPT,” with several copycat accounts emerging touting giveaways and airdrops.
Shiba Inu (SHIB) Is Top Traded Among Largest Ethereum Whales - DailyCoin. The popular memecoin Shiba Inu (SHIB) flipped the prospering Polygon (MATIC) today for the most traded crypto among the TOP 100 biggest Ethereum (ETH) whales.
FTX’s Turkish Entities Dismissed From US Bankruptcy Proceedings . A U.S. court has approved an earlier request made by FTX to leave its Turkish entities out of the domestic bankruptcy proceedings.
First Mover Americas: SEC Suing Do Kwon for Misleading Investors. The latest price moves in crypto markets in context for Feb. 17, 2023.
PayPal Held Over $500M in Bitcoin, Ethereum Last Quarter . As per PayPal's latest financial filing, the payments giant held $291 million in Bitcoin and $250 million in Ethereum.
Co-founders of StoryCo discuss how blockchain technology can evolve the way IP is franchised. StoryCo’s founders discuss franchising IP and co-creation through blockchain technology.
TRU, CHIP top gainers as OKB hits ATH. As the crypto market remains volatile, investors closely watch global events that could impact the crypto market, and some altcoins are showing green.
Market ingests today’s inflation print. How did crypto react?. U.S. CPI data has just been revealed and shows a slight fall, but not as far as expected.
Ethereum Blockchain Sets Late-February Date for Sepolia Testnet to Undergo Shanghai Hard Fork, Allowing Simulation of Staked Ether Withdrawals. The second round of testing of staked ether (ETH) withdrawals follows simulations on the Zhejiang testnet. The Goerli testnet would be next, ahead of next month's planned Shanghai hard fork on the main Ethereum blockchain.
SingularityNET (AGIX) Price on Brink of New All-Time High After 876% Increase. The SingularityNET (AGIX) price is in the fifth and final wave of a massive increase. The move could extend further.
Energy Giant Saudi Aramco Signs Agreement With droppGroup to Build Web3 Tech. Saudi Aramco will explore co-developing blockchain-based technologies that could benefit its workers.
New ‘Sinbad’ Bitcoin Mixer Unmasked As Formerly Sanctioned Blender . A sanctioned “coin mixer” used by criminals to launder money now appears to have been relaunched under a different name, Elliptic says.
Turkish Nonprofits Raise Millions of Dollars in Crypto for Earthquake Response. Organizations are using cryptocurrencies – borderless by nature – to get international aid into Turkey.
Algorand (ALGO) Price Could Jump by 50% if It Moves Above This Key Area. The Algorand (ALGO) price has reached a make-or-break resistance level. Moving above it would confirm the bullish trend reversal.
Polygon sets late March launch date for its zkEVM mainnet beta. Polygon announced its zkEVM Ethereum scaling technology will launch on mainnet beta on March 27.
Avalanche’s Platypus DeFi suffers $8.5m flash loan attack. Platypus DeFi has suffered a flash loan attack, losing about $8.5 million to the attacker
This layer 1 blockchain offers a unique decentralized interoperability solution. Blockchain interoperability is essential for the industry, but current solutions such as bridges are quite vulnerable. So what is the solution?
UK Financial Regulator Takes Enforcement Action Against Crypto ATM Operators. The Financial Conduct Authority teamed up with West Yorkshire Police to tackle crypto ATM operators in Leeds.
Binance Bracing Itself for Fines From US Regulators to Settle ‘Past Conduct’: WSJ. The world’s largest crypto exchange has been under extra scrutiny since the collapse of rival exchange FTX.
Hedera Hashgraph $HBAR keeps going up. $HBAR, the native crypto asset of the Hedera Hashgraph distributed ledger technology (DLT) project has posted a 29% price surge.
Polygon’s zkEVM Mainnet Beta Set For March Launch Date. Polygon has picked the 27th of March, 2023, as the date when its zero-knowledge Ethereum Virtual Machine (zkEVM) beta launch will go live.
Institutional Traders Shifting Attention from Blockchain to AI: JP Morgan . Nearly three out of four institutional traders "have no plans to trade crypto," according to the latest annual JP Morgan survey.
Dogecoin (DOGE) Foundation Member Sounds Alarm Over BUSD Mess - DailyCoin. The concerning message from Dogecoin Foundation's Mischa Boar is inspired by the latest events, putting a dark cloud over Paxos-issued Binance USD (BUSD).
Cardano Dips 7.91% - Can Valentine's Sentiment Boost ADA? - DailyCoin. The Cardano community is split on the potential impact of the SECP upgrade as the price of ADA dips within close proximity of the launch.
Polygon Announces Beta Launch of Zero-Knowledge Ethereum Virtual Machine | Blockchain News. Polygon's zkEVM Ethereum scaling solution will deploy on mainnet beta March 27.
South Korea sets independent sanctions for crypto theft against North Korea. South Korea took steps against growing cryptocurrency threats and ransomware attacks from N. Korean hackers, announcing its first sanctions.
Bitcoin, Ether Start the Week Slowly, With Fed’s Powell Testimony Looming. Cryptos’ declines last week appear to be a re-pricing of risk rather than an exit from the space.
Finnish firm launches fully-backed and regulated Euro stablecoin. Enabling near-instant payments at a fraction of cost, the EUROe stablecoin is the first such to be regulated as an electronic money institution across Europe.
Bank of Russia to Pilot CBDC in April. Digital ruble payments will be launched for retail purchases and peer-to-peer transactions, a central bank official said.
US Debt Default Looms: What Will It Mean for Cryptocurrency?. This article explores the potential impact of a US debt default on the cryptocurrency market and the traditional financial markets.
Bitcoin Plummets After SEC's Crushing Blow to Kraken - DailyCoin. Read about the latest developments on Bitcoin with this article on the impact of Kraken's settlement with the SEC on the cryptocurrency market.
Jump Crypto Uncovers Critical Vulnerability on Binance's BNB Chain. Binance CEO Changpeng 'CZ' Zhao thanked crypto venture capital firm Jump Crypto for reporting a severe vulnerability on BNB Chain.
DForce confirms the return of exploited $3.65m to their vaults. DForce, a decentralized finance protocol, has announced that all the exploited funds have been returned to Optimism and Arbitrum vaults
AI tokens blast off, leverage ChatGPT popularity. Recent growth in AI tokens' value shows that they correlate to recent advancements made by OpenAI, Microsoft, and ChatGPT.
In crypto winter, DeFi needs an overhaul to mature and grow. Some believe that the next wave of DeFi will put a stronger emphasis on compliance and customer experience.
How Bitcoin NFTs Might Accidentally Fix Bitcoin's Security Budget. Ordinal NFTs have rejuvenated Bitcoin’s transaction fee market. Will it prove useful?
SEC Chief Gensler Warns Crypto Firms to Comply With Rules After Kraken Shutters US Staking Program. Other platforms that offer yield-earning programs should "take note" and come into compliance, the regulator said a day after crypto exchange Kraken said it will pay a $30 million fine to settle SEC charges.
Compute North’s Reorganization Plan Approved by Bankruptcy Judge. The hosting firm, one of North America’s largest, settled $250 million in secured debt and came to terms with about 11 companies.
Coincover raises $30m for crypto safety. During a financing round that Foundation Capital headed, the cryptocurrency security business Coincover received $30 million in funding.
Crypto Exchange Zipmex to Restart Customer Withdrawals Once Rescue Deal Closes. A rescue deal is "signed but not closed," according to Zipmex CEO Marcus Lim.
UK blockchain carbon offset platform raises $45M in seed funding. CEO Scott Eaton will lead the independent UK Carbonplace entity, set to launch later this year
France to Tighten Crypto Registration Rules Next January. The plan, set to be endorsed by the National Assembly and Senate, veers away from a proposal to require a license as of October
Chiliz Spikes 26% as Whales Push CHZ into Top-Traded Cryptos - DailyCoin. Today, Chiliz (CHZ) is celebrating its 5th birthday while also minting the first block of Chiliz Chain 2.0. According to the sports blockchain CEO Alexandre Dreyfus, this day will go down in crypto history books as Chiliz Chain.
Judge Halts SEC, CFTC Cases Against Bankman-Fried Until Criminal Trial Concludes . The decision may limit the “judicial overlap” between the cases and limit the amount of information available to the Bankman-Fried defense.
Logan Paul's CryptoZoo Scam Was a Breakout Moment for Bad Crypto. In the past few years, crypto has cycled through a number of celebrity backers. Logan Paul is possibly the industry’s least helpful.
Digital asset provider Taurus raises $65M in Series B led by Credit Suisse. Digital asset infrastructure provider Taurus has raised $65 million from investors including Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Arab Bank Switzerland and others.
Sanctioned Mixer Blender Re-Launched as Sinbad, Elliptic Says. Operators of Blender.io might have launched Sinbad after Blender was sanctioned for processing North Korean hackers’ money, blockchain intel firm said.
First Mover Asia: Bitcoin Opens the Week Testing $25K. ALSO: Hong Kong unveils its new crypto licensing framework for Virtual Asset Service Providers in June, but the regulation will not allow retail investors to trade digital, contrary to what a recent tweet suggests. The regulation focuses on accredited, professional investors.
Charles Hoskinson: Ethereum staking is problematic. Charles Hoskinson of Cardano, while replying to Ben Armstrong rumor of the SEC possibly banning staking, stated that Ethereum staking is problematic.
Dogecoin (DOGE) Price Set to Slide as Bears Regain Upper Hand. The Dogecoin (DOGE) price is trading inside a short-term bearish pattern, from which a breakdown is epxected.
Bitcoin blitzkrieg pushes through resistances with ease. Bitcoin destroyed the bears and has produced a tremendous daily candle that has seen it settle above its previous local high at $24,300. Next stop $25,000 then on to...
VeChain (VET) and Decentraland (MANA) Get On Bullish Track, While.... Crypto investors have been feeling rejuvenated since the start of 2023. The market has become favorable and new projects like Orbeon Protocol (ORBN) have boosted inv...
Dogecoin (DOGE) Price Has Had a Tough Month so Far – Will It Get Any Better?. The Dogecoin (DOGE) price broke down from an ascending support line but bounced at a horizontal support area afterward.
What Is The Best Option - Dogecoin (DOGE), Orbeon Protocol.... The cryptocurrency industry is very competitive, with coins fighting to sit on the top-crypto throne. Be it faster transaction speeds or better utility,
Binance to pay fines ahead of US investigations. Binance, one of the most popular digital asset exchanges worldwide, will be required to pay financial penalties in order to resolve investigations into its operations in the United States
Centre Pompidou, France's modern art museum, to showcase a cryptopunk and other popular NFTs. This spring, the Centre Pompidou, a modern art museum in France, will showcase non-fungible tokens (NFTs), including a CryptoPunk, in a new exhibition.
Banks cut crypto ties amid regulatory scrutiny. U.S. lenders are distancing themselves from crypto companies in the wake of increased scrutiny of the industry by regulatory agencies in the country.
SushiSwap Acquires Cosmos-Based Trading Platform Vortex Protocol . The acquisition of Vortex Protocol also means SushiSwap will be rolling out its services on Cosmos in Q2 this year.
Tether's Attempt to Block CoinDesk's Request for Stablecoin Reserve Records Dismissed by New York Court. CoinDesk filed a Freedom of Information Law request for documents about Tether's reserves in 2021.
StarkWare Partnering With Chainlink for StarkNet Growth. The provider of blockchain scaling products will integrate the data provider’s price feeds.
Craig Wright's UK Case Against 16 Bitcoin Developers to Go to Full Trial. The trial is expected in early 2024 following a successful appeal.
Ex-Stanford dean says SBF’s parents helped his family battle cancer. Former dean of Stanford Law School Larry Kramer said he co-signed former FTX CEO Sam Bankman-Fried’s $250 million bond to help his “loyal and steadfast friends.”
Amazon Looking to Hire Web3 Staff for Its Cloud Services. The biggest infrastructure provider in the world is targeting Web3 for growth.
Stablecoin Issuer Paxos Under Scrutiny. The crypto company and stablecoin issuer Paxos is under investigation by a New York-based regulatory body.
GQ to launch NFT collection featuring original artwork. GQ is set to launch its inaugural non-fungible token (NFT) collection, which will give holders exclusive access to a magazine subscription, merchandise, and live events
Co-Founder of Banned @NFT Instagram Account Seeks $6 Million for Lil Baby Crypto Dice Game . The @NFT account was suspended on Twitter and Instagram last year. Now, one of its cofounders Aaron Avruskin is back with a new venture.
Voyager Creditors Subpoena Sam Bankman-Fried, Other Former FTX, Alameda Executives. Voyager’s creditors also subpoenaed Samuel Trabucco, Nishad Singh, Gary Wang, and Caroline Ellison
Don't Call It 'Britcoin': Digital Pound Nothing Like Crypto, Bank of England Official Says. The central bank has made no decision on whether a digital pound would use distributed ledger technology, Deputy Governor Jon Cunliffe said.
Pantos, a Multichain Token System Backed by Crypto Exchange Bitpanda, Starts Beta Version. The launch by Pantos, backed by the Austrian crypto exchange Bitpanda, follows a $12.1 million initial coin offering in 2018.
Circle's USDC Stablecoin Takes a $1 Billion Hit in Just Seven Days. The second-largest stablecoin by market cap USDC saw its circulating supply drop by around $1 billion in the past seven days.
Russian Cybercrime Gang Trickbot Sanctioned by US, UK. According to Chainalysis, Trickbot is the second-highest earning cybercrime group, and has extorted at least $724 million in crypto.
Privacy-Focused Gnosis Chain Co-Founder Proposes Plan to Reduce Ethereum Dependency for GNO Token. Martin Köppelmann flagged potential security issues in a proposal discussion on Gnosis’ governance forums.
Brazil's oldest bank form partnership with a crypto platform for easy tax filing. Banco do Brasil, the oldest bank in Brazil, is creating a tax payment solution for citizens holding digital assets in Bitfy.
How South Korea Plans to Use Crypto to Tackle Its Aging Population. Crypto adoption may appear to be the preserve of the young, but one South Korean city is using it to tackle an aging population.
DeFi Protocol dForce Suffers Reentrancy Attack, $3.6 Million Lost. dForce suffered a loss of over $3.6 million, which the hacker was able to siphon off thanks to a reentrancy attack executed on the Arbitrum and Optimism.
Massive Gaming Announces World's First Stable Blockchain-Based So.... Seattle, Washington, 10th February, 2023, ChainwireMassive Gaming, NEOWIZ’s overseas affiliate, plans to launch 3 different series of social casino games; Hous...
Ethereum price prints 'death cross' after losing 13% versus Bitcoin from 2023 peak. Ether could fall by nearly 20% versus Bitcoin by March, per a mix of technical and fundamental indicators.
Crypto Council for Innovation lawyer to testify at US Senate ‘crypto crash’ hearing. The U.S. Senate Banking Committee has announced three witnesses for its Feb. 14 hearing titled “Crypto Crash: Why Financial System Safeguards are Needed for Digital Assets.”
Is China Second Guessing Its Cryptocurrency Ban?. Huang Yiping suggests China reevaluate its strict cryptocurrency ban and examine the potential benefits of blockchain technology
Paxos to stop minting new BUSD stablecoin. Paxos, the issuer of BUSD, has been reportedly told to stop issuing the stablecoin.
Celsius creditors threaten to sue Alex Mashinsky and other execs. The Celsius official committee of unsecured creditors plans to file a complaint against Celsius executives on fraud, misconduct, mismanagement of funds, and other allegations
Binance says big auditors not ready for it yet. Binance declares that the big auditors still have a lot to learn about the crypto industry and so a full audit probably won’t take place soon.
Stargate foundation advises DAO against reissuing STG tokens. The Stargate Foundation, in concurrence with FTX liquidators, has advised the DAO against reissuing STG tokens for safety reasons.
MasterCard NFT Lead Quits, Sells Resignation Letter As NFT. Sethi railed against the payments tech giant for allegedly mistreating him and downplaying his role in the company's ambition to enter the crypto space.
Community urges Coinbase to relist XRP as CEO fights for staking. Amid Coinbase CEO standing up for crypto staking and economic freedom, the online community has again urged the exchange to relist XRP.
Coinbase: Ether Selling Pressure Should Be Fairly Limited Around the Shanghai Fork Upgrade. The amount of potential selling pressure around Ethereum’s planned upgrade has been complicated by Kraken’s decision to wind down its U.S. staking business, the report said.
4 strategies for staking Ethereum. From liquidity pools to liquid staking and “looping,” Nathan Thompson has a few suggestions for the way you approach Ethereum staking.
PayPal Puts Stablecoin Project on Hold: Bloomberg. On Thursday it was reported that PayPal crypto partner Paxos was being probed by the NYDFS
Terra lawsuit a ‘roadmap’ to attack other stablecoins: Delphi Labs. U.S.-based lawyer, Gabriel Shapiro, believes the SEC’s suit against Terraform Labs and Do Kwon could show how the SEC could go after other stablecoin issuers.
The Future of Financial Planning Lies in AI and Blockchain. AI and blockchain could assist in decisions involving investments, taxes and insurance, and open new avenues for income. But financial advisors will still play a key role.
The Sandbox Soars 24%, Leading Metaverse Token Rally . Several metaverse-related tokens are flying high on Wednesday, with The Sanbox's SAND posting 24% gains over the day.
Wallet associated with Ponzi becomes the fifth-largest MATIC holder. A wallet address that was connected to the Avatar Ponzi scheme has accumulated over 22 million MATIC
Zilliqa turns its gaming division into a standalone business. Zilliqa, a layer-1 blockchain, is creating a new standalone business called Roll1ng Thund3rz from its gaming division.
Twitter to support longer tweets as they seek regulatory license as a payment platform. Twitter now supports longer tweets a they they seek to get licenses to build a payment system that may also support cryptocurrencies.
Aptos Is Trending, Orbeon Protocol Price Hits New High. Aptos (APT) is a relatively new cryptocurrency project. Founded in 2021, Aptos (APT) secured over $2 billion in funding and uses the same development team
Lido (LDO) and Rocket Pool (RPL) are Surging Because the SEC Didn't Totally Kill Staking. Lido and Rocket Pool didn’t immediately see a massive rush in of capital after Kraken announced it had settled with the SEC.
Bitcoin Miner Digihost Completes Controversial Power Plant Acquisition, Doubling Energy Capacity. Environmental groups oppose the transaction on the grounds that it impedes New York's greenhouse gas emissions goals.
Hacking Crypto Wallets Is Latest Strategy in Quest to Recover Lost Billions. A company called Unciphered works to recover lost crypto funds by auditing code and finding vulnerabilities in wallets.
Galaxy Digital CEO ‘wouldn’t be surprised’ if Bitcoin hit $30K this quarter. Mike Novogratz, the chief of crypto financial services firm Galaxy Digital, thinks Bitcoin (BTC) can rally another 20% to hit $30,000 before the end of March.
Gavin Wood: The Serial Crypto Founder - DailyCoin. Gavin Wood is a serial founder in the crypto ecosystem, and here's how he built his career.
BIS exploring ways to monitor stablecoin reserves. The Bank for International Settlements (BIS) is prioritizing the focus on stablecoins and Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) in its forthcoming endeavors.
Lido DAO (LDO) Proposes Selling or Staking Its $30M in ETH Ahead of Staking Withdrawals - DailyCoin. Lido DAO (LDO) is trying to decide what to do with its treasury ether ahead of the Shanghai upgrade, which will enable ETH staking withdrawals.
MicroStrategy: Bitcoin’s White Knight? - DailyCoin. We know MicroStrategy is an avid supporter of digital currency, but what is the company behind the internet fame?
New EU Banking Regulation Assigns Highest Risk Score to Crypto. A new EU draft banking bill gives crypto a risk score of 1250% and mandates disclosures of crypto business lines and capital requirements.
Binance readies checkbook for potential fines from US regulators: Report. Binance wants to clean the slate with U.S. regulators and expects to be fined for previous compliance probes and misdemeanors.
Bitcoin Rises to $23.3K as Jerome Powell Repeats 'Disinflationary Process' Comment. The Fed chair spoke days after the central bank last hiked interest rates.
Ethereum’s $1.5K support weakens as ETH traders turn slightly bearish. ETH traders abandon a portion of their bullish bias after the recent correction pressed Ether price to the $1,500 support.
ARK Invest purchases another $9.2m worth of Coinbase shares. Cathie Wood’s ARK Invest has announced the purchase of $9.2 million worth of Coinbase (COIN) shares. COIN has been down by 0.86% in the pre-market trading on Feb. 13
Russian government subsidizes crypto mining facility in Siberia. Amid hard times for crypto mining, Russia provides tax incentives for those who dare to invest.
IMF worried about El Salvador if use of Bitcoin grows. The IMF states that bitcoin risks have not materialised so far, but warns the El Salvadoran government against the risks of seeking more exposure to it.
Trader Front-Runs Gains Network's Listing on Crypto Exchange Binance to Profit $100K. Someone bought $200,000 worth of GNS tokens shortly before the listing and sold them for a profit afterward as they rose 50%.
Shiba Inu Challenges of SHIB Reaching $0.01. Can Shiba Inu reach $0.01? This article explores the challenges the cryptocurrency faces in reaching this price point.
Bitcoin price targets range from $19K to $25K as CPI day dawns. Bitcoin faces CPI with BTC price action at risk of falling below $20,000.
Binance and Huobi freeze $1.4M in crypto linked to North Korean hackers. The North Korean hacker gang Lazarus Group reportedly had $1.4 million worth of crypto frozen on Binance and Huobi as the trading platforms continue to keep a close eye on suspicious transactions related to the Harmony bridge hack.
EU Banks Told by Regulator to Apply Bitcoin Caps Even Before They Become Law. The European Central Bank, which supervises big euro area lenders, said crypto should be treated as a risky asset.
WeChat integrates digital yuan into its payment platform. Chinese social media platform WeChat has incorporated the digital yuan in its payment app to boost the CBDC’s popularity.
Aave Community Voting to Deploy Version 3 on Ethereum. If the proposal passes, the latest iteration of the Aave protocol will come to the Ethereum blockchain, Aave’s first and largest market.
Binance Moved Funds From US Affiliate's Silvergate Bank Account in 2021: Reuters. Binance moved $400 million from Binance US's bank account, the report said.
Most blockchain advocates haven‘t even used Bitcoin. A rather surprising truth popped up during the European Blockchain Convention in Barcelona concerning the world’s largest cryptocurrency.
Brave Brings dApp Support To Mobile With Solana Partnership. Brave Software has announced it is partnering with the Solana platform, allowing users to access top dApps on Solana directly on the browser.
Consumer Federation of California reattempts to regulate crypto companies. Bill AB 39 will license crypto companies under the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, ensuring regulatory clarity and investor protection.
South Korea and Hong Kong join forces for crypto crackdown. Korean and Hong Kong Customs administrations have struck a partnership to help curtail illegal foreign transactions that are carried out through digital assets.
Bitcoin Miner Hive Delays Latest Financial Filings Till Feb-End. Hive has applied the British Columbia Securities Commission for a management cease trade order, which restricts its CEO and CFO from trading shares until the filing has been completed.
Crypto and securities: New interpretation of US Howey test gaining ground. Not everyone favors applying the Howey test to crypto assets, arguing the test works better for prosecuting fraud cases than as an aid for registration.
Ethereum Testnet Zhehiang Successfully Processes First-Ever ETH Staking Withdrawals. The upgrade on the Zhejiang testnet was the first of three dress rehearsals for the much anticipated Shanghai hard fork.
SEC enforcement action creates a silver lining for GMX, Lido (LDO) and Maker (MKR) price. Data shows an uptick in activity at decentralized solutions like GMX, Lido and Maker after the SEC’s recent crackdown on Kraken and Paxos.
Game studio Unagi raises $5 million to expand Ultimate Champions and move beyond sports | Headlines | News | CoinMarketCap. Web3 gaming studio Unagi secured $5 million in a seed round led by Sisu Game Ventures. The raise, which closed at the start of this year, comes only …
Binance Suspends USD Withdrawals as Banks Flee Crypto. Binance will suspend USD transfers on Feb. 3, 2023 following a recent policy change that restricts deposits of Signature Bank customers.
Binance withdrawals and BUSD redemptions surge post Paxos crackdown. Action by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Department of Financial Services against BUSD and its issuer Paxos has seen investors withdraw billions from Binance in the last day.
Stablecoin Issuer Paxos Burns $700M Binance USD in 27 Hours Amid Regulatory Pressure. The BUSD supply decreased by more than 6% since Monday.
Patience Running Thin for XRP as Lack of Ripple News Leads to Price Losing Important Support. The XRP price could be close to the end of its correction. A bounce at the the current pattern will determine if the correction is complete.
Kansas bill may limit individual crypto donations at $100. The Kansas legislature is looking into a new bill limiting individual crypto donations to $100 for elections.
Tokenomics vs The Token Economy: What’s The Difference?. The word “tokenomics” and the phrase “token economy” are very often used interchangeably when people are talking about the world of crypto and digital assets.
DBS Says Bitcoin Trading up 80% in 2022 on DDex Exchange. DBS’ crypto exchange, which is not open to retail traders, currently allows for bitcoin, ether, XRP, bitcoin cash, DOT, and ADA trading.
Avalanche Blockchain Had 1,500% Transactional Growth in 2022: Nansen. Such transactional activity came even as the total value of tokens locked on Avalanche-based decentralized finance applications slid from 2021’s $15 billion peak to just over $900 million in November 2022.
S. Korean authorities want Terra associate arrested for bribery. South Korean prosecutors investigating the Terra-LUNA collapse have reportedly applied for an arrest warrant against the former CEO of e-commerce company Tmon.
Curve Pools Drained of Tether as BUSD Holders Dump Stablecoin. Concentrations of USDT dropped sharply in Curve's busdv2 and 3pool liquidity pools as BUSD holders dump the stablecoin amid issuer scrutiny.
Ethereum's Buterin Proposes 'Stealth Addresses' to Enhance Privacy Protections. In a new blog, Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin outlines a stealth address system that can help overcome the blockchain’s lack of privacy protections.
Bankrupt Genesis Unveils Plan to Pay Back Creditors . Digital Currency Group plans to sell both Genesis Global Holdco and Genesis Global Trading to pay back creditors.
Binance Cuts Ties with WazirX, Cancels Its Wallet Service - DailyCoin. After months of conflict, Binance has cut ties with WazirX, canceling its wallet service to the Indian crypto exchange.
Price analysis 2/10: BTC, ETH, BNB, XRP, ADA, DOGE, MATIC, DOT, LTC, AVAX. The crypto market corrected as the SEC announced that staking-as-a-service programs are illegal, with traders worried regulators will turn the screw even further.
Can Fetch.ai (FET) Keep Up Momentum After 400% Price Increase?. The Fetch.ai (FET) price has reached a long-term resistance level. Before it breaks out, an initial retracement could occur.
Famous Trader Still Bearish Despite $200M in Liquidations. One famous crypto trader seems firmly stuck in the disbelief phase of the market cycle even as Bitcoin trades rallies near six-month high.
Safe Crypto Storage: What Options Do You Have?. When it comes to owning cryptocurrency, one of the most important aspects to consider is exactly how you intend to store those digital assets.
Stablecoins Are Not Worth the Risk. Stablecoin issuer Paxos is being investigated by a New York financial watchdog. Regulators should take more action, says Mark Hays of Americans for Financial Reform.
Polygon sets launch date for zkEVM beta network. Polygon has revealed that its zero-knowledge Ethereum Virtual Machine (zkEVM) beta main network is set to go live on March 27.
OKX to Launch New OKBChain Blockchain in Q1, OKB at ATH - DailyCoin. OKX has announced the launch of a new blockchain, OKBChain, independent of its current OKXChain before the end of Q1.
Firms Unlawfully Advertising Crypto in UK Could Face Jail Time: FCA . Firms marketing crypto in any form will need to be regulated by the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority or face legal liability.
Decentralized Finance Giant MakerDAO to Introduce Spark Protocol, a Rival to the Aave Lending Protocol. The protocol is a fork of Aave v3 and will increase the use case for the DAI stablecoin.
Blur Launches Long-Awaited Token Airdrop for Ethereum NFT Traders . NFT traders who claimed Blur's “care packages” can open them up today to claim BLUR governance token rewards.
Crypto Users Prefer Exchanges to Wallets Despite High-Profile Bankruptcies. Research by imToken has found that users prefer centralized exchange custody over self-custodial solutions on wallets.
Crypto bill draft will be released in April, says Senator Gillibrand. New York Senator Gillibrand said a new draft of the bill on a crypto regulatory framework she had worked on with Senator Cynthia Lummis will be available in mid-April.
European Union discusses using zero-knowledge proofs for digital IDs. EU citizens would be granted full control of their data, with an option to decide what information to share and with whom.
Stellar (XLM) Price Struggles to Regain Footing. The Stellar (XLM) price is showing bearish signs that could lead to the continuation of the downward movement.
Bitcoin price faces key moving average showdown 3 weeks after breakout. Bitcoin faces a new task in the form of the 200-day moving average as the key BTC price trend line threatens fresh resistance.
Coinbase CEO condemns rumors on SEC's plan to ban crypto staking. Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong has disclosed some unsettling rumors regarding the Securities and Exchange Commission's (SEC) plans for crypto staking in the United States.
What is a coinbase transaction?. A coinbase transaction is the first transaction created in each new block, and it has key features that differentiate it from other transactions
One last glorious leg up for altcoins?. The stage looks set for one last-gasp surge for crypto markets before a healthy correction takes the market back and accumulation can start again.
Norwegian Authorities Seize $5.9M From Crypto Game Axie Infinity Hack. The economic crime unit said it is the biggest crypto seizure ever made by Norwegian police.
Crypto Exchange Bitstamp Registers in France. The exchange joins Binance, Bitpanda and Société Générale in securing recognition from one of the most sophisticated regimes in the EU.
Crypto Was Singapore's Top Area of Fintech Investment in 2022 Despite Global Slowdown: KPMG. For 2023, KPMG has predicted that it is "likely investments in crypto-focused firms will remain very slow."
'Britcoin' CBDC Is Nothing Like Crypto, Says Bank of England. The UK’s central bank, the Bank of England, made it very clear on Tuesday that they don't want you to call their CBDC ‘Britcoin.’
DeFi Adoption Rises Amongst the Traditional Banks. Traditional banks and DeFi were once considered arch-rivals. But are banks now about to enter the DeFi space?
MetaMask Cautions Vigilance After Latest Phishing Scam. MetaMask reminded its users not to reveal secret recovery phrases after the compromise of Namecheap’s email providers.
US senators write to banking regulators about potential crypto discrimination. Four U.S. senators have demanded an explanation of regulatory moves they see as potentially designed to disadvantage the cryptocurrency industry in banking.
Explaining the Disconnect Between Bitcoin and Treasury Yields Post-US Inflation Data. Bitcoin and technology stocks rose Tuesday even as a hotter-than-expected U.S. CPI figure revived Fed angst and lifted Treasury yields.
David Gokhshtein: Dogecoin (DOGE) Reaching Peak Price Inevitable - DailyCoin. The former congressional candidate David Gokhshtein is sure that Dogecoin (DOGE) is poised for a new all-time high. The crypto entrepreneur confirmed his prediction on Twitter by saying, “I can’t find a reason why $DOGE won’t break its previous ATH.”
Ken Griffin's Citadel Securities Discloses 5.5% Stake in Crypto Bank Silvergate. Citadel's move is based on its market making positions, rather than a directional call on the stock, according to a source familiar.
Three Cryptos With Excellent Return Potential: Enjin Coin (ENJ),.... Numerous crypto ventures have appeared to rebound after the hellish 2022 year. Today we will talk about three coins that could be your gateway to massive gains
Regulation and risk: Factors driving demand for a euro-backed stablecoin. When it comes to stablecoins, euro-backed options are not as popular as dollar-denominated coins.
Decentralized Social Media App Damus Gets Banned In China. The platform only operated for roughly 48 hours before it was blocked by Chinese authorities, led by the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC).
Terra Luna’s Stablecoin (USTC) Soars 14% After Binance Removes Warning Label - DailyCoin. The vast community behind the notorious Terra (LUNA) blockchain is finally seeing some sunshine, as the failed stablecoin TerraClassicUSD (USTC) inked 14% gains in less than 24 hours.
Bitcoin price taps 3-week lows as SEC fears liquidate $250M of crypto longs. Bitcoin and altcoins see mass liquidations as BTC price returns to three-week lows.
Coinbase Investors Prepare for Another Likely Disappointing Quarter. The crypto exchange is expected to report a slight drop in quarterly revenue from the third quarter, and a 61% drop in revenue in 2022 from the previous year.
Rich Dad Poor Dad Author Forecasts Crypto Bloodbath on Valentine’s Day - DailyCoin. The author of the best-selling book “Rich Dad Poor Dad” is pessimistic about Bitcoin’s (BTC) price shortly. In a recent tweet, the multi-millionaire remarked that the “VALENTINE'S DAY MASSACRE is predicted by Stansberry Research.”
Banks or Crypto?. The actual question is where we can safely and profitably keep funds in 2023
Bitcoin halving 2024: a blessing or a curse. Bitcoin (BTC) halving significantly impacts the cryptocurrency world. The next event, scheduled for 2024, will likely impact bitcoin price again: let's find out how
Crypto Advertisers Face Jail for Not Complying With UK Advertising Rules. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has warned of robust actions against firms not complying with its advertising laws.
Central Banks Are Working on a Monitoring System for Stablecoin Balance Sheets. The Bank for International Settlements is spearheading a project that will look into tech tools that could help regulators form policy frameworks for stablecoins based on data.
The Fool's Game of Annual Crypto Price Predictions. If we’re looking ahead, let’s really look ahead.
CFTC Case Against Sam Bankman-Fried Postponed Until After Criminal Trial. The request to stay the SEC’s civil case against Bankman-Fried is still pending.
Bitcoin shoots higher as whales take control. The world's first cryptocurrency Bitcoin (BTC) has seen a significant price increase over the last 24 hours and on-chain fundamentals show that long term holders are still keeping their coins.
What is QuickSwap, and how does it work?. Swap tokens with near-zero gas fees on QuickSwap as it emerges as a fast-growing DEX on the Polygon network.
Bitcoin pauses but altcoins breakout looks encouraging. As the dust settles after Thursday’s Federal Reserve FOMC meeting, it still remains to be seen whether bitcoin and altcoins will continue their upwards trend.
DeFi Protocol Maverick Unveils UniSwap Rival Decentralized Exchange on Ethereum. Maverick Protocol said its automated market maker algorithm offers investors more customization and the potential to earn greater profits than on top decentralized exchange UniSwap.
Huobi Quietly Kills iToken; Cloud Wallet That Supported 20 Blockchains - DailyCoin. Huobi’s cloud wallet, iToken, enabled users to store assets from 20 blockchain networks without private keys.
Robinhood reports $57m loss on processing error. Robinhood Inc., the popular trading platform, recently reported a loss of $57 million due to a processing error in shares of a small company in December.
Cardano Upgrade Aims to Improve Cross-Chain Features as On-Chain DeFi Crosses $100M TVL. “This upgrade will bring new cryptographic primitives to Cardano, encouraging greater interoperability and secure cross-chain dapp development with Plutus,” IOG said Wednesday.
Polygon (MATIC) Price Approaches Top of Movement. The Polygon (MATIC) price is showing long-term bullish signs, but the current increase could be coming to an end.
Celsius Failed to Record Some 7,000 Intercompany Transfers Worth Billions Leading Up to Bankruptcy. A lack of record-keeping could make it impossible to "fully reconstruct" the bankrupt crypto lender's multi-billion-dollar intercompany claim, court filings show.
Top Crypto Influencers to Follow in 2023 - DailyCoin. Crypto Traders will make bold predictions about Bitcoin and the cryptocurrency market, but which crypto traders can you trust?
Forbes deletes piece on ETH and XRP amid crypto community outrage. A recent article by Senior Forbes Contributor Dr. Roslyn, has been pulled down sparkling a response from attorney Deaton. The piece by Roslyn was about the treatment differences by SEC on ETH and XRP
MetaMask issues scam alert as Namecheap hacker sends unauthorized emails. MetaMask reminded users that it does not collect KYC information and will never reach out over email to discuss account details.
FanDuel Co-Founders Raise $4M for Digital Music Collectible Startup Vault. The funding round for Vault was led by Placeholder VC.
BUSD Drama Sets Stage for Stablecoin Market Reshuffling. Binance’s bet on its BUSD stablecoin could backfire into a revamping of who’s winning in crypto’s dollar-pegged token markets.
Gaming Blockchain Oasys Helps SoftBank Explore Web3 as Network’s Official Validator - DailyCoin. SoftBank joins Gaming blockchain Oasys in its drive to encourage mass adoption of web3 gaming.
Cryptocurrency top movers, BNX, FLX, up. The crypto market continues to print red amidst SEC warnings and high standards on crypto exchanges. However, some cryptocurrencies are still giving value.
Renewed Fear as Rumors Spread that SEC is Coming After.... It seems as if regulators, and specifically the SEC, have declared an all-out war on cryptocurrencies.
USDT trading volumes rise 35% amid BUSD redemption requests. Tether (USDT) trading volumes are up by over 35% less than 12 hours after Paxos, the issuer of BUSD, a competing stablecoin, was directed to stop minting new coins.
Pres. Biden to Name Fed Vice Chairwoman Lael Brainard as Top Economic Adviser: Bloomberg. Brainard has been leading the U.S. Federal Reserve's work on a potential digital dollar and has been minding the store on crypto policy discussions until the central bank appoints its permanent vice chair for supervision.
MicroStrategy Won’t Stop Trading Bitcoin (BTC) Despite a Paper Loss of $1.3 Billion - DailyCoin. MicroStrategy incurred a $1.3 billion paper loss on its Bitcoin (BTC) holding in 2022 but continues to bet on the asset.
Siemens issues $64M digital bond on a public blockchain. Siemens says that “issuing the bond on a blockchain offers a number of benefits compared to previous processes,” such as eliminating the need for banks to serve as intermediaries.
Web3 Messaging Platform Salsa Raises $2M in Pre-Seed Round. The mobile app is now available in beta and has a partnership with a Proof of Attendance Protocol (POAP).
Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs to Revamp Institutional Push. The Swiss crypto tech provider hired IBM’s Peter DeMeo as head of product, as well as former IBM lead architect, Angel Nunez Mencias.
Ripple Commits $1M XRP to Earthquake Relief Funds in Turkey. Fintech firm Ripple has pledged $1 million in XRP. The funds will go towards organizations providing relief for earthquake victims in Turkey.
dForce loses $3.65 million in a hack attack, reports show. dForce network just recently suffered a severe hack attack with losses exceeding about $3.65 million, according to reports
Solana (SOL) Price Borders $25 - Community Optimism or Fed Action? - DailyCoin. The price of Solana (SOL) has increased by 7% in the last 24 hours with a variety of contributing developments. Read more.
UFO Gaming (UFO) Soars 33% Following U.S. Military UFO Encounter - DailyCoin. The unusual UFO activity in North America has resulted in four such incidents in the past week, coming just days after unmasking the spy balloon from China.
Crypto Startups Are Increasingly Postponing Token Launch Plans as Alameda Research's Contagion Effects Linger. Data from CoinMarketCap shows a precipitous decline in applications for token listings as liquidity dries up.
Breaking barriers: Meet 7 women shaping the future of crypto and Web3. Get to know seven women who are building the Web3 industry
Djed stablecoin unique addresses rise 14,500% in a week. Just a week after its mainnet launch, the stablecoin Djed, created by the COTI network and IOG, a builder of Cardano, has experienced a substantial rise in the number of unique addresses.
LBank Exchange Will List Findora (FRA) on February 17, 2023 | Headlines | News | CoinMarketCap. Road Town, BVI, 17th February, 2023, ChainwireLBank Exchange, a global digital asset trading platform, will list Findora (FRA) on February 17, 2023. …
New York Regulators Launch Investigation into Stablecoin Issuer Paxos - DailyCoin. Paxos, the issuer of BUSD and USDP stablecoins, is being investigated by New York regulators, although details on the scope are sparse.
Ether Staking Service Lido Granted 1M Optimism Tokens to Incentivize Wrapped Staked Ether Adoption. Lido and Optimism aim to increase the availability of wrapped staked ether (wstETH) with OP tokens through the new liquidity mining and user incentives program.
Banks down? That is why Bitcoin was created, crypto community says. The crypto community looks to its roots in response to the Silicon Valley Bank collapse.
What is decentralized storage, and how does it work?. Explore the concept of decentralized storage in this informative guide. Learn about the functioning and advantages of a decentralized storage network.
UAE central bank to issue CBDC as part of its financial transformation program. The government is also planning to launch a unified and instant card payment platform.
Humans.ai Collaborates with ClusterPower to Scale AI NFTs - DailyCoin. Humans.ai, a pioneer in the AI-based blockchain space, collaborates with one of Europe's largest cloud computing services providers.
Blockchain Bill Passed in the First Hearing of Russia's State Duma. The bill to allow the utilization of blockchain technology for financial marketplaces has passed its first reading of Russia’s assembly.
UK regulators moving ‘at pace’ to deliver plan for tech firms hurt by SVB collapse. U.K. tech companies affected by the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank will receive a cash lifeline as part of the emergency plan.
Morgan Stanley: Falling Stablecoin Issuance Is Negative Sign for Crypto Trading. U.S. regulatory efforts are likely to focus on stablecoin regulation, the report said.
Robinhood’s Crypto Revenue Declined 24% to $39M in Q4. The online trading broker overall missed both earnings and revenues estimates for the quarter.
Here’s a list of countries that love the metaverse the most. Data firm CoinKickoff performed an analysis of 1.6 million tweets to see which countries support or oppose the metaverse.
Another ‘strong’ crypto bull run may lie ahead, thinks market analyst Filbfilb. Filbfilb shares his opinions on whether the crypto market will see another bull market and more on Cointelegraph’s Crypto Trading Secrets podcast.
Polkadot on-chain and developer activity grow despite market conditions. Despite a bear market and the FTX scandal, the blockchain platform Polkadot had an impressive quarter in Q4 2022
Uniswap wants to launch mobile wallet, but Apple won’t greenlight its launch. Uniswap’s plans to launch a mobile wallet have been stalled by Apple’s App Store.
Altcoins Surge in a Sea of Green - Could There Be a Catch? - DailyCoin. Stay up-to-date on the latest altcoin and cryptocurrency news with our market summary. Read about the bullish trends in the crypto market.
Bitcoin thought leaders weigh the pros and cons of Ordinals. Popular computer game Doom is now playable from the Bitcoin blockchain, but could the embedded data risk filling up block space?
Ethereum NFT Market Cap Fell 60% in 2022, Says New Report. Ethereum's NFT market cap headlined by Yuga Labs, fell from $9.3 billion at the start of 2022 to $3.7 billion at the end of 2022.
Bitcoin Transaction Fees Hit Highest Level Since November 2022 Amid Ordinals NFTs Craze. On-chain data reveals that Ordinals NFTs have caused transaction fees on the Bitcoin network to reach the highest point since November 2022.
First Mover Americas: Metaverse Platform The Sandbox Is Up on Saudi Arabia Partnership News. The latest price moves in crypto markets in context for Feb. 16, 2023.
Crypto ads and sponsors banned from women’s cricket league in India. The Board of Control for Cricket in India sent a 68-page advisory to the teams, specifying the activities which couldn’t be advertised.
BonqDAO Protocol Loses $120M After Oracle Hack. The decentralized autonomous organization was subjected to a significant smart contract hack, which resulted in a loss of $120 million.
'Crypto Couples' Share Valentine's Day Gift Ideas to Woo Your Sweetheart. BeInCrypto reached out to some self-proclaimed 'crypto couples' to get the low-down on some of the hottest crypto-centric gifts to get your loved one this Valentine's Day.
FTX investors file class-action suit against Sequoia | Blockchain News. FTX investor class-action lawsuit venture capital companies have a "tricky case," according to a crypto lawyer.
First Mover Asia: Crypto Price Momentum Falters as Bitcoin BTC Price Retreats to $23.5K. ALSO: Sam Reynolds considers a rising trend of crypto startups postponing their token launches, part of the fallout from the collapse of crypto exchange FTX and its trading arm Alameda Research.
Bitcoin Miners Hut 8, US Bitcoin Corp to Merge in All-Stock Deal . Hut 8 Mining Corp will merge with rival US Bitcoin Corp to create a crypto mining giant, the companies have announced.
Crypto Thaw May Be Premature but Advisors Should Prepare for Winter’s End. When crypto winter ends and investment activity blossoms once again in the digital assets space, financial advisors should be prepared to hear a new litany of questions from clients about the risks and opportunities in cryptocurrencies.
SEC to Sue Paxos Over BUSD, Ordered to Stop Issuance - DailyCoin. The SEC has threatened legal action if Paxos continues to issue its BUSD stablecoin as an unregistered security.
Expect the SEC to use its Kraken playbook against staking protocols. Some observers have suggested the SEC’s action against Kraken will push users toward DeFi protocols. The reality is that the SEC is coming for those as well.
Consumers complain about 50% withdrawal fees on Crypto.com. Crypto.com, which had its workforce reduced by 20% at the beginning of the year, is still experiencing some delays, which has caused consumers to complain about the higher fees
This OG Bitcoin Developer Claims BTC Market Cap Could Reach $200 Trillion in 9 Years. Blockstream CEO Adam Back took to Twitter to claim that Bitcoin (BTC) could hit a $200 trillion market cap in about 9 years.
Top 7 Wall Street movies you must watch. The top 7 Wall Street movies offer a glimpse into the highs and lows of Wall Street, including the consequences of greed, corruption and unethical behavior.
Crypto.com's Secrets: What the Exchange Isn't Telling Us - DailyCoin. Crypto.com CEO assured the exchange's clients' funds were safe. But compliant-loose payment partners and stalling fiat transfers suggest otherwise.
Kazakhstan's President Signs Legislation to Limit Energy Usage of Crypto Mining. The new law also calls for government-approved mining pools.
One World Nation Launches Exclusive NFT Skins for Valentine’s Day. Bengaluru, India, 15th February, 2023, ChainwireCupid has struck the Cryptoverse with the launch of special NFT skins for Valentine’s Day. Developed by the suc...
Alleged Crypto Money Launderer Tied to Ransomware Attacks Pleads Guilty to Conspiracy Charge. Denis Dubnikov was arrested in the Netherlands and extradited to the U.S. last year.
Will Ripple News See XRP Regain Momentum? - DailyCoin. Stay up-to-date on the latest developments in the Ripple vs SEC case and its impact on the XRP cryptocurrency market. Read more on DailyCoin.
UK Financial Regulator Cracks Down on Illegal Crypto ATMs . The FCA and local authorities are taking aim at crypto ATMs operating illegally in the country, investigating several sites in Leeds.
Binance moved $400M from Binance.US account to firm tied to CZ: Report. An investigation of Binance’s banking records and messages reportedly showed the exchange sent $400 million from an account controlled by Binance.US to a trading firm tied to CZ.
Building a career in the metaverse: Skills and opportunities. From game development to virtual reality engineering, learn about the job opportunities and skills required to succeed in this rapidly growing industry.
When exchanges aren’t enough: Here’s how traders use extra tools to stay efficient. Swiss-regulated fintech provides trading apps with powerful add-on toolkits to help traders of all styles boost their performance
Flashback to 2022's Super Bowl Crypto Ads: Touchdowns and Fumbles? - DailyCoin. Crypto ads dominated last year's Super Bowl. However, the exchanges that spent millions on ads last year are not doing well.
Coinbase stock plunges 14% as staking ban fears spread. Yesterday, Brian Armstrong, CEO of Coinbase, the largest cryptocurrency exchange in the US, sent shockwaves through the cryptocurrency markets with a single tweet
